Muon is a Forge mod for Minecraft versions 1.9-1.11 inspired by Quark.

Its primary focus is to improve and enhance Villages in keeping with 
the style and spirit of Vanilla Minecraft.

The main site for this mod is at http://muon.mc.izno.gd/

Muon is by nature a CoreMod. This means it hooks parts of the 
minecraft source in ways not usually required by Minecraft mods and 
is therefore minecraft-version specific. 

Versions for newer versions of minecraft may become available as we 
start playing them. :)

Muon 0.2 (Alpha) features:
* An option for Village Groves: a dense stand of trees in villages.
* Initial pass at code for terain-dependent structures (Structures
  added after initial village generation but before chunk creation)
* Added option to default future features to enabled.
* Added code to check for new Muon versions.
* Fixed bug reading our own mcmod.info on Windows.
* Fixed crash when encountering modded buildings without a facing.

Muon 0.1 (Alpha) features:
* An option to fix "broken" terrain around villages, ensuring paths
  are always accessible within a village and don't drop off the side
  of mountains.
* A fix for vertical building placement in villages to eliminate the all
  too common problem of inaccessible elevated or buried doors.
* An option to use alternate path generation code to make them look
  a bit better, and also create simple bridges across small rivers.
* An option to ensure scattered features like temples and igloos are
  always accessible. Igloos would sometimes spawn *INSIDE* hills.
* No change in the number of randoms taken from the seed pool, so your
  world seeds still generate the same world!

Future development direction is intended to add tweaks to the mechanics
of villagers, and add additional villager types for miners and foresters.

Every aspect of this mod has been given a config option so you can
tweak it to your heart's delight and use as much or as little of it
as you wish.

Generally the config options that fix deficiencies in Vanilla default
to True, and setting all options to False will revert to pure vanilla
behaviour. Options that significantly enhance or change vanilla mechanics
need to be enabled explicitly. The default settings should result in
improved vanilla world generation and gameplay without adding anything new.

THIS MOD IS CURRENTLY *ALPHA* QUALITY.

All commited code has had rudimentary testing, but has not yet been 
given significant exercise in the real world of multiplayer minecraft.

If you want to use it in a modpack you are most welcome to with proper 
attribution, but please keep in mind that you will bear full 
responsibility for all support as a result of doing so. Also, dropping 
us a note to tell us where you're using it would be most appreciated!
